Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/changelog/dune/2018-10-11-dune-1.4.0.md

The rest of the release is mostly bug fixes, but one notable feature is that dune is now `C-c` friendly. Dune will now resume exactly where it's stopped after interruption instead of restarting the entire build.

> EDIT: I actually forgot to mention that this release also includes [integration with ocamlformat](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/latest/formatting.html - [404 Not Found]) due to @emillon. Initially, I had thought that this feature was released in 1.3.0. Sorry about that!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EDIT: I actually forgot to mention that this release also includes [integration with ocamlformat](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/stable/howto/formatting.html) due to @emillon. Initially, I had thought that this feature was released in 1.3.0. Sorry about that!
```
